this is a fiery snake he's rearing up
towards me oh and just flicks venom all
down my arm now look at that Oh perfect
he actually flicks venom straight at me
actually a little bit of it once it's my
mouth you go you can taste it has a sort
of rusty kind of taste to it
the venom can't do me any harm unless it
gets into my bloodstream that actually
did go right into my mouth what I'm
trying to do is restrain the head so to
actually give an impression of what
would happen if an animal was to was to
attack it what it would do and he just
spat straight at the camera I think
there are a few flecks of venom just on
the outside of the lens lens hood here
this gentle pressure doesn't hurt the
snake but it will help me show you how
cunning it can be with the head
restrained a snake really feeling like
it has nowhere to go the next thing that
the ring casts does just play dead look
at that
so this is the wrinkles last line of
defense has been fast it's been quick
it's been aggressive it's spat venom at
me and now it's just playing dead no
motion whatsoever and any animal that
won't take dead prey it's not what the
interest its going to leave it alone
anything that will and gets it to close
is going to get a nasty surprise and
probably a bite now that's what I call a
clever snake